Get treated.
Hello, sir. This is
Hong Ae-ra. You remember me, right?
I called to ask you something.
You told me the other day
that for my husband to become president,
13 young virgins must
be offered as sacrifices, right?
But does it have to be exactly 13 people?
Oh, I see.
Thank you. I'll come visit you soon.
Ma'am, it's all ready.
I can see all of the 64 hostages are safe.
How many of them will you release?
Rescue Mr. Eun's daughter first
no matter what.
The doctor needs to treat them anyway,
so why don't you just release them too?
I think that'll be better for both of us.
-Are you okay?
Here!
What's going on?
Hey, Ms. Oh. Are you okay? What's wrong?
-Oh, no.
-Are you okay?
Hold on.
Drink water.
What's wrong?
Do you have trouble breathing?
Attention.
I'll select people who will be released.
If you disobey me this time again,
you won't get out of here alive.
You.
"You"? Damn it.
Why isn't this bastard
calling their names?
Who is he picking?
Don't you think we need to find it out?
Damn it. My blood pressure.
The six of you will get out too.
God damn bastard.
Everyone I selected, come out.
Yu-na.
What's wrong, Yu-na?
-He's having trouble breathing.
-What's wrong?
-Are you okay?
-Yu-na.
-Go get a plastic bag. Now!
-I'll go.
Yu-na, you're okay.
You won't die. Everything will be okay.
Have her breathe into it. Hurry.
Breathe. Breathe deeply.
Deeply and slowly.
I'm so scared.
I think the stress is too much for her.
Can't you release her too?
Me too!
-I can't stand it any longer!
-Me too!
-It should be us!
-This is a women's dorm!
-Me too!
-Why do I have to keep quiet?
-Listen to what we have to say too!
-Me too!
-Let us men go too!
-God damn it!
-Me too!
-Why do we have to be here?
Enough!
Who wants to die first?
Who?
Stop!